Documentation on search space and parallel/sequential tuning (#675)
microsoft/FLAML: website/docs/Use-Cases/Tune-User-Defined-Function.md

config_search_space = {
    "x": tune.lograndint(lower=1, upper=100000),
    "y": tune.randint(lower=1, upper=100000)
}

# provide the search space to tune.run
tune.run(..., config=config_search_space, ...)
```

#### **Details and guidelines on hyperparameter search space**
The corresponding value of a particular hyperparameter in the search space dictionary is called a *domain*, for example, `tune.randint(lower=1, upper=100000)` is the domain for the hyperparameter `y`.
The domain specifies a *type* and *valid range* to sample parameters from. Supported types include float, integer, and categorical.

- **Categorical hyperparameter**

 If it is a categorical hyperparameter, then you should use `tune.choice(possible_choices)` in which `possible_choices` is the list of possible categorical values of the hyperparameter. For example, if you are tuning the optimizer used in model training, and the candidate optimizers are "sgd" and "adam", you should specify the search space in the following way:
```python
{
    "optimizer": tune.choice(["sgd", "adam"]),
}
```
- **Numerical hyperparameter**

> If it is a numerical hyperparameter, you need to know does it take integer values or float values. In addition, you need to know:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is a numerical hyperparameter, you need to know whether it takes integer values or float values. In addition, you need to know:
```

- The range of valid values, i.e., what are the lower limit and upper limit of the hyperparameter value?

> - Do you want to sample in linear scale or log scale? It is a common practice to sample in the log scale if the valid value range is large and the evaluation function changes more regularly with respect to the log domain. For example, learning rate. Otherwise, use the linear scale.

Reviewer: It's better to give two different search ranges of the learning rate which are suitable for log scale and linear scale respectively. Not all search ranges are suitable for log scale.
Also, it's better to give examples for the other two questions.

Author: Do you have an example in which the linear scale is more suitable than the log scale for learning rate tuning?

```python
{
"learning_rate": tune.loguniform(lower=1 / 1024, upper=1.0),
}
```
In this code example, we set the lower limit and the upper limit of the learning rate to be 1/1024 and 1.0, respectively. We sample in the log space because the loss of a LightGBM estimator changes more regularly with respect to the log domain.

- Do you have quantization granularity requirements?

When you have a desired quantization granularity for the hyperparameter change, you can use `tune.qlograndint` or `tune.qloguniform` to realize the quantization requirement.
The following code example helps you realize the suggested practice for learning rate tuning from *Goodfellow, I., Bengio, Y., & Courville, A. (2016). Deep learning. MIT Press* (Page 434): "picking values approximately on a logarithmic scale, e.g., a learning rate taken within the set {.1, .01, 10−3, 10−4 , 10−5}"
```python
{
"learning_rate": tune.qloguniform(lower=1e-5, upper=0.1, q=0.1),
}

> ```

Reviewer: Both examples are problematic. For the first one, learning_rate doesn't always need log scale. It depends on the search range. You can provide two examples of search ranges, one with log scale and another with linear scale.

For the second example, q=0.1 means round to an integer multiple of 0.1s, e.g., 0.1, 0.2, 0.3, ...

Author: You are right. I revised the examples.
